README.md, before:

# react-native-ui-lib 
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wix/react-native-ui-lib.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wix/react-native-ui-lib)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-ui-lib.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-ui-lib)
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-ui-lib.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-ui-lib)

UI Toolset & Components Library for React Native

Check out our [Docs Site](https://wix.github.io/react-native-ui-lib/)


###### Latest version support RN44

* [Style](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#style)
* [Modifiers](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#modifiers)
* [Assets](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#assets)
* [Components](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#components-wip)
* [Helpers](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#helpers)

# Getting Started
## Installation
`yarn add react-native-ui-lib`

or

`npm i --save react-native-ui-lib`

## Native Dependencies
Some of the components are using these native dependencies, they are not a requirement but will allow you to create
better lookings apps (:

* react-native-animatable
* react-native-blur

## Usage
This is a quick example of how to use our basic components, modifiers and presets to generate a good looking screen.

<img style="float: right; margin-top: -70px" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24791489/f5db80f4-1b82-11e7-8538-5a3388fb4345.png" width=300 />

```jsx
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import {View, TextInput, Text, Button} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

export default class Example extends Component {

  render() {
    return (
      <View flex paddingH-25 paddingT-120>
        <Text blue50 text20>Welcome</Text>
        <TextInput text50 placeholder="username" dark10/>
        <TextInput text50 placeholder="password" secureTextEntry dark10/>
        <View marginT-100 center>
          <Button text70 white background-orange30 label="Login"/>
          <Button link text70 orange30 label="Sign Up" marginT-20/>
        </View>
      </View>
    );
  }
}
```

# Style
The base foundation of each UI component is its style.
We use basic style presets to define the rules and the style guide we follow.

Our presetes includes: **Colors**, **Typography**, **Shadows**, **Border Radius** and more..

The UILib already comes with a set of predefined constants and [presets](./src/style).

You can easily use it anywhere in your code as you would have used any other constant value, or as a component modifier.

It's also very easy to define your own presets..

```jsx
import {Typography, Colors} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

Colors.loadColors({
  pink: '#FF69B4',
  gold: '#FFD700',
});

Typography.loadTypographies({
  h1: {fontSize: 58, fontWeight: '300', lineHeight: 80},
  h2: {fontSize: 46, fontWeight: '300', lineHeight: 64},
});
```

and so for example, the following line

```jsx
<Text h1 pink>Hello World</Text>
```
Will generate this text
<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24792314/296b7ebc-1b86-11e7-8580-9252d1ddf5d9.png" width="250"/>

It will use the _h1_ preset for typography and the _pink_ color value we set to style the Text element.

# Modifiers
As you probably noticed already, we translate our style presets into modifiers.
**Modifiers** will help you create a stunning UI easily and quickly.

### Align Faster
Use our alignment props to quickly position your content without getting confused calculating all these flex rules.
**left**, **top**, **right**, **bottom**, **row**, **center**, **centerH (Horizontal Center)**, **centerV (Vertical Center)**, **spread**

```jsx
<View left>
  <Button label="Button">
</View>

<View right>
  <Button label="Button">
</View>

<View top>
  <Button label="Button">
</View>

<View bottom>
  <Button label="Button">
</View>

<View center>
  <Button label="Button">
</View>
```
<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24798566/4de91efc-1b9f-11e7-9974-e06e3daa7c63.png" width="160"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24798569/50dc99a4-1b9f-11e7-8231-fbcbb139a010.png" width="160"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24798571/52766d08-1b9f-11e7-95a3-b2b262e81170.png" width="160"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24798572/545b7abe-1b9f-11e7-9098-409ceee6ff22.png" width="160"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24798575/55e3c4f4-1b9f-11e7-998d-7986a038abb6.png" width="160"/>

### Spacing & Styling
Same goes here... space, stretch and color in a more readable way.

- **[colorKey]** (text color), **background-[colorKey]**
`<Text pink>...</Text>`
`<View bg-pink>...</View>`

- **[typographyPresetKey]** (text components)
`<Text h1>...</Text>`

- **flex**, **flex-[value]**
```jsx
<View flex> // be default is flex=1
  <View flex-2/>
  <View flex-3/>
  <View flex-4/>
</View>
```

- **padding-[value]**, **paddingL-[value]**, **paddingT-[value]**, **paddingR-[value]**, **paddingB-[value]**, **paddingH-[value]**, **paddingV-[value]**
`<View paddingV-20 paddingH-30>...</View>`

- **margin-[value]**, **marginL-[value]**, **marginT-[value]**, **marginR-[value]**, **marginB-[value]**, **marginH-[value]**, **marginV-[value]**
`<View marginT-5 marginB-10>...</View>`

* padding and margin modifiers can also take [Spacing](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib/blob/master/src/style/spacings.js) constants. `<View margin-s5 padding-s2>...</View>`

Check out [this example](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#usage) where we use most of these props

# Assets
Assets are big part of the whole UI system, whether it's an icon, placeholder or an illustration, we use them everywhere. <br>
Load assets groups and easily render them with the _Image_ component.

```jsx
import {Assets, Image} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

Assets.loadAssetsGroup('icons', {
  icon1: require('icon1.png'),
  icon2: require('icon2.png'),
  icon3: require('icon3.png'),
});

// or as a nested group to create your own hierarchy
Assets.loadAssetsGroup('illustrations.placeholders', {
  emptyCart: require('emptyCart.png'),
  emptyProduct: require('emptyProduct.png'),
});
Assets.loadAssetsGroup('illustrations.emptyStates.', {
  noMessages: require('noMessages.png'),
  noContacts: require('noContacts.png'),
});

// Use them with the Image component (our Image component)
<Image assetName="icon1"/> // default assetGroup is "icons"
<Image assetName="emptyCart" assetGroup="illustrations.placeholders"/>

// The old fashion way will work as well
<Image source={Assets.icons.icon1}/>
```



## Components (WIP)
- Action Bar
- Action Sheet (cross-platform)
- Avatar
- Badge
- Basic List
- Button
- [Card](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#card)
- Connection Status Bar
- List Item
- State Screen
- Loader Screen
- Page Control
- Picker
- Stepper
- Text
- TextInput
- [MaskedInput](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#masked-input)
- [TagsInput](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#tags-input)

#### Card

```jsx
import {Card} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

<Card
  row // control the children flow direction
  borderRadius={12}
  height={150}
  containerStyle={{marginRight: 20}}
  onPress={...}
  enableShadow={true/false}

>
  <Card.Image width={80} imageSource={cardImage} />
  <View>
  ...
  </View>
</Card>
```

#### Masked Input

```jsx
import {MaskedInput} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

<MaskedInput
  renderMaskedText={this.renderTimeText}
  caretHidden
  keyboardType={'numeric'}
  maxLength={4}
/>

renderTimeText(value) {
  const paddedValue = _.padStart(value, 4, '0');
  const hours = paddedValue.substr(0, 2);
  const minutes = paddedValue.substr(2, 2);

  return (
    <Text text20 dark20 center>
      {hours}
      <Text red10>h</Text>
      {minutes}
      <Text red10>m</Text>
    </Text>
  );
}
```

![Masked Input](https://media.giphy.com/media/KZZtFfoHoEK3K/giphy.gif)

#### Tags Input
```jsx
import {TagsInput} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

<TagsInput
  containerStyle={{marginBottom: 20}}
  placeholder="Enter Tags"
  tags={this.state.tags} // array of strings/objects
  onChangeTags={(tags) => this.setState({tags})}
  getLabel={(tag) => tag.label}
  inputStyle={{fontSize: 22, color: 'blue'}}
  renderTag={(tag, index, shouldMarkTagToRemove) => <View>...</View>}
  hideUnderline={true/false}
/>
```

![Tags Input](https://media.giphy.com/media/3oEhn7JyhT1VfXticE/giphy.gif)

Since Android does not support TextInput _onKeyPress_ callback, the feature that removes tags on Backspace won't work.
In Order to fix it, follow these instructions:

Update your dependencies in `android/app/build.gradle`:

```gradle
dependencies {
  // Add this dependency:
  compile project(":react-native-ui-lib")
}
```

Update your `android/settings.gradle`:

```gradle
include ':react-native-ui-lib'
project(':react-native-ui-lib').projectDir = new File(rootProject.projectDir, '../node_modules/react-native-ui-lib/lib/android')
```

In your `MainApplication.java`, add to the `getPackages()` list:

```java
import com.wix.reactnativeuilib.textinput.TextInputDelKeyHandlerPackage;

@Override
protected List<ReactPackage> getPackages() {
  return Arrays.<ReactPackage>asList(
      // Add this package:
      new TextInputDelKeyHandlerPackage()
    );
}
```



## Helpers

### AvatarHelpers
#### getInitials
usage:
```jsx
import {AvatarHelper} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

AvatarHelper.getInitials('Lilly Wheeler'); // LW
AvatarHelper.getInitials('Russell Lloyd'); // RL
AvatarHelper.getInitials('Andrew'); // A
```

### Colors
#### rgba
usage:
```jsx
import {Colors} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

Colors.rgba('#ff2442', 0.05); // 'rgb(255, 36, 66, 0.05)'
Colors.rgba(44, 224, 112, 0.2); // 'rgb(44, 224, 112, 0.2)'
```

Commit message:

update README.md to add demo usage instructions (#116)
fix #115

I'm french so don't hesitate to modify the syntax or words

Question: 
I don't understand the link between `Latest version support RN44` and the list bellow. Can you bring a bit of clarity?
And does it mean that it won't work with RN < 44?

Thank you for this cooool repo

README.md, after:

# react-native-ui-lib 
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wix/react-native-ui-lib.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wix/react-native-ui-lib)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-ui-lib.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-ui-lib)
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-ui-lib.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-ui-lib)

UI Toolset & Components Library for React Native

### Documentation

Check out our [Docs Site](https://wix.github.io/react-native-ui-lib/).

### Demo

The demo is located [here](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib/tree/master/demo). To run it:

- install dependencies: `npm install` (only the first time)

- start the packager: `npm start` 

- run: `react-native run-ios` or `react-native run-android` (or within Xcode or Android Studio)

###### Latest version support RN44

* [Style](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#style)
* [Modifiers](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#modifiers)
* [Assets](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#assets)
* [Components](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#components-wip)
* [Helpers](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#helpers)

# Getting Started
## Installation
`yarn add react-native-ui-lib`

or

`npm i --save react-native-ui-lib`

## Native Dependencies
Some of the components are using these native dependencies, they are not a requirement but will allow you to create
better lookings apps (:

* react-native-animatable
* react-native-blur

## Usage
This is a quick example of how to use our basic components, modifiers and presets to generate a good looking screen.

<img style="float: right; margin-top: -70px" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24791489/f5db80f4-1b82-11e7-8538-5a3388fb4345.png" width=300 />

```jsx
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import {View, TextInput, Text, Button} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

export default class Example extends Component {

  render() {
    return (
      <View flex paddingH-25 paddingT-120>
        <Text blue50 text20>Welcome</Text>
        <TextInput text50 placeholder="username" dark10/>
        <TextInput text50 placeholder="password" secureTextEntry dark10/>
        <View marginT-100 center>
          <Button text70 white background-orange30 label="Login"/>
          <Button link text70 orange30 label="Sign Up" marginT-20/>
        </View>
      </View>
    );
  }
}
```

# Style
The base foundation of each UI component is its style.
We use basic style presets to define the rules and the style guide we follow.

Our presetes includes: **Colors**, **Typography**, **Shadows**, **Border Radius** and more..

The UILib already comes with a set of predefined constants and [presets](./src/style).

You can easily use it anywhere in your code as you would have used any other constant value, or as a component modifier.

It's also very easy to define your own presets..

```jsx
import {Typography, Colors} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

Colors.loadColors({
  pink: '#FF69B4',
  gold: '#FFD700',
});

Typography.loadTypographies({
  h1: {fontSize: 58, fontWeight: '300', lineHeight: 80},
  h2: {fontSize: 46, fontWeight: '300', lineHeight: 64},
});
```

and so for example, the following line

```jsx
<Text h1 pink>Hello World</Text>
```
Will generate this text
<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24792314/296b7ebc-1b86-11e7-8580-9252d1ddf5d9.png" width="250"/>

It will use the _h1_ preset for typography and the _pink_ color value we set to style the Text element.

# Modifiers
As you probably noticed already, we translate our style presets into modifiers.
**Modifiers** will help you create a stunning UI easily and quickly.

### Align Faster
Use our alignment props to quickly position your content without getting confused calculating all these flex rules.
**left**, **top**, **right**, **bottom**, **row**, **center**, **centerH (Horizontal Center)**, **centerV (Vertical Center)**, **spread**

```jsx
<View left>
  <Button label="Button">
</View>

<View right>
  <Button label="Button">
</View>

<View top>
  <Button label="Button">
</View>

<View bottom>
  <Button label="Button">
</View>

<View center>
  <Button label="Button">
</View>
```
<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24798566/4de91efc-1b9f-11e7-9974-e06e3daa7c63.png" width="160"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24798569/50dc99a4-1b9f-11e7-8231-fbcbb139a010.png" width="160"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24798571/52766d08-1b9f-11e7-95a3-b2b262e81170.png" width="160"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24798572/545b7abe-1b9f-11e7-9098-409ceee6ff22.png" width="160"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1780255/24798575/55e3c4f4-1b9f-11e7-998d-7986a038abb6.png" width="160"/>

### Spacing & Styling
Same goes here... space, stretch and color in a more readable way.

- **[colorKey]** (text color), **background-[colorKey]**
`<Text pink>...</Text>`
`<View bg-pink>...</View>`

- **[typographyPresetKey]** (text components)
`<Text h1>...</Text>`

- **flex**, **flex-[value]**
```jsx
<View flex> // be default is flex=1
  <View flex-2/>
  <View flex-3/>
  <View flex-4/>
</View>
```

- **padding-[value]**, **paddingL-[value]**, **paddingT-[value]**, **paddingR-[value]**, **paddingB-[value]**, **paddingH-[value]**, **paddingV-[value]**
`<View paddingV-20 paddingH-30>...</View>`

- **margin-[value]**, **marginL-[value]**, **marginT-[value]**, **marginR-[value]**, **marginB-[value]**, **marginH-[value]**, **marginV-[value]**
`<View marginT-5 marginB-10>...</View>`

* padding and margin modifiers can also take [Spacing](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib/blob/master/src/style/spacings.js) constants. `<View margin-s5 padding-s2>...</View>`

Check out [this example](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#usage) where we use most of these props

# Assets
Assets are big part of the whole UI system, whether it's an icon, placeholder or an illustration, we use them everywhere. <br>
Load assets groups and easily render them with the _Image_ component.

```jsx
import {Assets, Image} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

Assets.loadAssetsGroup('icons', {
  icon1: require('icon1.png'),
  icon2: require('icon2.png'),
  icon3: require('icon3.png'),
});

// or as a nested group to create your own hierarchy
Assets.loadAssetsGroup('illustrations.placeholders', {
  emptyCart: require('emptyCart.png'),
  emptyProduct: require('emptyProduct.png'),
});
Assets.loadAssetsGroup('illustrations.emptyStates.', {
  noMessages: require('noMessages.png'),
  noContacts: require('noContacts.png'),
});

// Use them with the Image component (our Image component)
<Image assetName="icon1"/> // default assetGroup is "icons"
<Image assetName="emptyCart" assetGroup="illustrations.placeholders"/>

// The old fashion way will work as well
<Image source={Assets.icons.icon1}/>
```



## Components (WIP)
- Action Bar
- Action Sheet (cross-platform)
- Avatar
- Badge
- Basic List
- Button
- [Card](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#card)
- Connection Status Bar
- List Item
- State Screen
- Loader Screen
- Page Control
- Picker
- Stepper
- Text
- TextInput
- [MaskedInput](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#masked-input)
- [TagsInput](https://github.com/wix/react-native-ui-lib#tags-input)

#### Card

```jsx
import {Card} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

<Card
  row // control the children flow direction
  borderRadius={12}
  height={150}
  containerStyle={{marginRight: 20}}
  onPress={...}
  enableShadow={true/false}

>
  <Card.Image width={80} imageSource={cardImage} />
  <View>
  ...
  </View>
</Card>
```

#### Masked Input

```jsx
import {MaskedInput} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

<MaskedInput
  renderMaskedText={this.renderTimeText}
  caretHidden
  keyboardType={'numeric'}
  maxLength={4}
/>

renderTimeText(value) {
  const paddedValue = _.padStart(value, 4, '0');
  const hours = paddedValue.substr(0, 2);
  const minutes = paddedValue.substr(2, 2);

  return (
    <Text text20 dark20 center>
      {hours}
      <Text red10>h</Text>
      {minutes}
      <Text red10>m</Text>
    </Text>
  );
}
```

![Masked Input](https://media.giphy.com/media/KZZtFfoHoEK3K/giphy.gif)

#### Tags Input
```jsx
import {TagsInput} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

<TagsInput
  containerStyle={{marginBottom: 20}}
  placeholder="Enter Tags"
  tags={this.state.tags} // array of strings/objects
  onChangeTags={(tags) => this.setState({tags})}
  getLabel={(tag) => tag.label}
  inputStyle={{fontSize: 22, color: 'blue'}}
  renderTag={(tag, index, shouldMarkTagToRemove) => <View>...</View>}
  hideUnderline={true/false}
/>
```

![Tags Input](https://media.giphy.com/media/3oEhn7JyhT1VfXticE/giphy.gif)

Since Android does not support TextInput _onKeyPress_ callback, the feature that removes tags on Backspace won't work.
In Order to fix it, follow these instructions:

Update your dependencies in `android/app/build.gradle`:

```gradle
dependencies {
  // Add this dependency:
  compile project(":react-native-ui-lib")
}
```

Update your `android/settings.gradle`:

```gradle
include ':react-native-ui-lib'
project(':react-native-ui-lib').projectDir = new File(rootProject.projectDir, '../node_modules/react-native-ui-lib/lib/android')
```

In your `MainApplication.java`, add to the `getPackages()` list:

```java
import com.wix.reactnativeuilib.textinput.TextInputDelKeyHandlerPackage;

@Override
protected List<ReactPackage> getPackages() {
  return Arrays.<ReactPackage>asList(
      // Add this package:
      new TextInputDelKeyHandlerPackage()
    );
}
```



## Helpers

### AvatarHelpers
#### getInitials
usage:
```jsx
import {AvatarHelper} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

AvatarHelper.getInitials('Lilly Wheeler'); // LW
AvatarHelper.getInitials('Russell Lloyd'); // RL
AvatarHelper.getInitials('Andrew'); // A
```

### Colors
#### rgba
usage:
```jsx
import {Colors} from 'react-native-ui-lib';

Colors.rgba('#ff2442', 0.05); // 'rgb(255, 36, 66, 0.05)'
Colors.rgba(44, 224, 112, 0.2); // 'rgb(44, 224, 112, 0.2)'
```
