---
sidebar_position: 5
sidebar_label: Migrating v6 -> v7
title: "Migrating v6 -> v7"
# path: "/getting-started/v7"
---
## `react-native-ui-lib@7.x.x`

## Presets
 
### ThemeManager
ThemeManager doesn’t support the following settings and getters anymore:
- `getTheme()`
- `primaryColor`
- `CTATextColor`
- `CTADisabledColor `
- `CTABackgroundColor`
- `titleColor`
- `subtitleColor`
- `dividerColor`

#### Colors
‘Colors.primary’ is deprecated. Please use the design tokens instead, for example:
instead of passing 
  `style={{backgroundColor: Colors.primary}}`
pass
  `style={{backgroundColor: Colors.$backgroundPrimaryHeavy}}`

To generate the tokens based on your primary color, use:
  `Colros.loadDesignTokens({primaryColor: <your primary color>})`

See Colors docs for more information

### Shadows
The `dark` presets are deprecated. Please use the `grey` presets instead.

## Dependencies

### typescript
Minimum version of typescript is now ^4.9.5.

### moment
The `moment` package was removed from our dependencies and bacome an optional dependency for the `DateTimePicker` component (relevant only for `dateFormat` and `timeFormat` feature).


## Components

### Avatar
`imageSource` prop is deprecated. Please use ‘source’ prop instead.

### ChipsInput
The component was deprecated and replaced by formar `Incubator.ChipsInput`.

### ColorPicker
`style` prop is deprecated.

### DateTimePicker
Migrate internal `TextField` component to the new implementation. See `TextField` migration below.

### Drawer
`leftToggleHapticTrigger` prop is deprecated. 

### Fader
`FaderPosition` enum `LEFT` and `RIGHT` cases are deprecated. Please use `START` and `END` instead.

### Incubator.Toast
`zIndex` prop is now set to `100` as default on Android.

### KeyboardAccessoryView 
`iOSScrollBehavior` prop and `iosScrollBehaviors` enum are deprecated. Please use `scrollBehavior` prop instead and pass it `KeyboardAccessoryView.scrollBehaviors`.

### KeyboardAwareListView
Component removed. Please use `KeyboardAwareScrollView` or `KeyboardAwareFlatList` components instead.

### Picker
`value` prop now accepts only `string` or `number` and not objects.
`useNativePicker` renamed `useWheelPicker`.
`renderNativePicker` prop was deprecated.

### RadioButton
`contentOnRight` prop is deprecated (the content is on right by default).

### Skeleton
`contentData` prop is deprecate. Please use the `customValue` prop.
All the following props has been removed, you can send them inside the `listProps` prop: 
- `size`
- `contentType`
- `hideSeparator`
- `showLastSeparator`

### TabBar
Component removed. Please use `TabController` component instead.

### TabController
`selectedIndex` prop is deprecated. Please use `initialIndex` prop instead.

### TextField
The component was refactored completely with a new API. 

Props migration:
- `helperText` -> `hint`
- `Title` -> `label`
- `titleColor`-> `labelColor`
- `titleStyle` -> `labelStyle`
- `showCharacterCounter` -> `showCharCounter`
- `transformer` -> `formatter`
- `prefix` -> `leadingAccessory`
- `prefixStyle` -> `leadingAccessory`
- `rightIconSource` -> `trailingAccessory`
- `rightIconStyle` -> `trailingAccessory`
- `rightButtonProps` -> `trailingAccessory`
- `leadingIcon` -> `leadingAccessory`
- `useTopErrors` -> `validationMessagePosition`
- `error` prop is deprecated. Please use `validationMessage` prop with `validate` prop.
- `expandable` prop is deprecated
- `renderExpandableInput` prop is deprecated
- `renderExpandable` prop is deprecated
- `onToggleExpandableModal` 'prop is deprecated
- `topBarProps` prop is deprecated

Check full (and new) API: https://wix.github.io/react-native-ui-lib/docs/components/form/TextField

### WheelPicker
The WheelPicker component has a new implementation. 
The component is now uncontrolled and have some prop changes:
`selectedValue` prop renamed `initialValue` (do not update unless it has been changed from non-user origin).
`onValueChange` prop renamed `onChange`.
Also, `children` can now be passed to the `items` prop (not mandatory).

Check full (and new) API: https://wix.github.io/react-native-ui-lib/docs/components/form/WheelPicker
